[Music]
this is four-month-old mangie an orphan
baby white rhino that lives here at Kerr
wild Africa so nice wonderful morning
did you sleep well my boy did you sleep
well a rescue center founded by Petra
Mel new boat
they need to be able to work with him
and they allowing me in this space is
everything for me
she has over 20 years experience working
with wildlife and his surrogate mum over
20 riders
petronella rhinos are all at different
stages of rehabilitation some are large
enough to roam free in a wild reserve
but rescue babies need care around the
clock and baby mangie is her biggest
challenge yet
Manji means splice of the stars and he's
a star
this is starring my life he's the
youngest rhino that petronella has ever
rescued just two days old
his mother was killed by poachers for
her horn and he too was attacked with a
machete and received near fatal head
injuries
in every rescue the first 48 hours are
crucial Petra Nell didn't leave mangie
side he was so small and so skinny the
black loss was immense and I called
everyone I know I just know hey we're
going to save this one and after intense
medical treatment doctors managed to
save him
Manji is the survivor of survivors we
said brilliant that the one I'm very
very proud of him and I love him I love
him to bits
mangie now needs to learn how to be a
wild rhino and Petra now is determined
that he and all her orphans return to
where they belong there was never a
choice for me in looking after these
giants it's a journey it's a lifelong
commitment
I will them to be free I want them to be
in the wall white rhinos are highly
social mammals and a crucial part of
their rehabilitation is to become part
of a herd since arriving man G has been
living in this small intensive care unit
with other rescued baby rhinos
and petronella is pleased with the
progress he's making you know you were
at one stage will have to fight for
territory so he needs to be strong in
character he needs to be a leader and
that's what I want and I see it in him I
can clearly see it in him he's a fighter
he wanted to live definitely he wants to
live but this will not be his permanent
home we want to release him back into
the world
they had animals they like to socialize
with him they played a mad ball if I see
him doing well in that stages I know you
will do well outside Lee mangi is now
strong enough to learn how to fend for
himself and his whole world is about to
change
I'm so proud of him you know I'm so
proud of him he didn't give up so how
can I give up on him I will never it
didn't keep up